The story begins with a child.
He is a good boy, but he is not a good boy.
In the middle of the field, there are 50 people.
The man said,
you are a good boy, but you use the axe.
And the man said,
come, where are you going, you punks.
The man said,
If you are not going, you are not going far.
You're in great
The great
Great
I can't say that. I think you're not suitable for a man who's not good at learning.
I think it's logical to be silent.
I'm asking you to answer me.
What are you talking about?
I'm not talking about difficult things.
I'm not talking about your life.
I'm not asking you to answer me.
My husband is watching from the garden.
He's going to be a fool to give me the cherry blossoms.
If you don't answer me, I'll be a fool.
I'll make you sleep.
What's a fool?
You're a fool.
I'm not talking about difficult things.
I'll make you sleep.
I'm not asking you to answer me.
I think you're not suitable for a man who's not good at learning.
I'm not talking about difficult things.
I'm asking you to answer me.
What's a logical man?
I see.
I'm not talking about difficult things.
I'm asking you to answer me.
I'm a good student.
Hello.
My husband is watching from the garden.
He's going to give me the cherry blossoms.
You can't do anything if you don't answer me.
What's a fool?